a lot of just swaps that went through
and like it actually helped me a lot
just learning with you know the Academy
team even well it is the ninth and final
week of the summer split with coverage
presented by Omni slash I'm here with
sneaky who I haven't talked in quite
some time actually I don't know if I've
talked to you the split yeah I don't
think so well time to chat so this has
been an interesting split for you
because you weren't playing now you are
playing now everything's incredible I
don't know if we've actually heard of
everything or experience for the split
and what your take has been but I'd love
to get it yeah oh it was a pretty weird
transition I guess cuz you know kind of
just screaming before the split started
and then like things weren't going too
well we kept having these like really
big overhaul problems that weren't
really getting solved so then they like
just put in the Academy guys in the main
team scrims and then we were just like
on the sidelines like watching and we
didn't know that they were gonna like go
for the switch but then they went for
the switch and then it was just weird
for me like playing academy cuz you know
wasn't used to that and really expect it
so initially like you know everyone's
reactions were pretty much like the same
as mine so I got super odd but as you
know the time went on we kind of like
figured out how to play the game as a
team overall better cuz there's a lot of
just swaps that went through and like it
actually helped me a lot just learning
with you know the Academy team even like
initially O's with Azazel actually now
it's was smoothly at first and then
zeizel came back so then I like noticed
a lot of tendencies as asel and blabber
actually had that we're really good at
first cuz there was a lot of things that
we were missing on like the regular main
team from spring so it actually helped
me realize like what was really going
wrong and there's like overhaul problems
that we're really subtle but we're
actually big problems so yeah just from
there it just kind of like transition
and they've turned out the other roster
and then like they were losing a bunch
so then I came back and then
yeah we just been winning sense and
playing a lot you know mixing up stuff
between spend blabber gold and Jensen
like myself so it I'm very curious
because a lot of the fans I think
questioned a lot of the decisions that
were made at the time now those fans
feel like the decisions were all for the
right and team ended up stronger I mean
it's an interesting question to ask you
do you feel like the decisions that were
made led to a stronger c9 uh yeah for
sure like I said there's just a lot of
things that were really hard for us to
recognize as a team that we were able to
pick up that I'm sure like even the
people on the main team that we're
playing when I wasn't on the main team
like started realizing that we were
missing from before so yeah like it
definitely was a pretty big help and
it's gonna be hard for any team that
ever wants to do like subs especially in
you know the western region we're
certainly like accepted as much it's
like is it fnatic that's pretty much one
of the only teams that does it right now
so like I think the initial parts always
going to be really confusing for
everyone like the players and the you
know the fans there are some really well
why is my favorite player getting
benched and it's like well it's not even
just specifically because someone's like
playing bad just like overall team
synergy is off so they try to fix things
and I'm sure that's why it happens in
Korea as well like you know their Africa
was playing between like Kramer and
aiming a lot and it's like I don't know
who aiming is like why is he playing
it's like oh well maybe they should add
a lot of synergy with them so final
question kind of on this before we move
on to how things are right now with the
team what is the relationship between
you and Jack and reapered now because
I'm sure it was a little awkward at the
time because I think you've got a
longstanding friendship with these guys
then kind of this awkward thing happens
where they're like actually we're not
gonna have you play there's some
confusion publicly so I'm kind of
curious what do you think the
relationship is like with you guys now
oh I mean it's back to normal initially
it was just off because I wasn't like a
part of the decisions because obviously
I was the one like getting you know
bench but since then since I've been
back they've like included me in on the
decisions saw me able to like help
make them and me like understand more
because there's a lot from like the
player perspective on switches that
maybe they don't see as much because
they all talk is staff and you know like
the rest of staff we have and then
generally talk though they weren't
really talking to the players but now
they're like including everyone on those
decisions so that we can all come to
conclusion together so yeah the
relationship is good still what is going
on with c9 right now like how do you
feel about the strength of team is there
a chance that you guys are the best team
I mean it seems like you're on a rampage
you beat Team Liquid last week you beat
a hundred thieves now I just it's it's
fascinating to watch on the sidelines
yeah I think really strong for sure
we've we're on the 7:01 streak I think
in the second half of the split in total
we've lost two games and then I don't
know roll away and there's like nine
I think it's nine yeah so yeah we're
doing really well yeah I think we'll be
one of the scariest teams for playoffs
know that we're secured it yeah I don't
you go out to play tomorrow bursts fly
quests so you know we'll get to finalize
how good we look if we could beat them
and if we can even get a bye actually
which would be really nice we've worked
really hard this whole season and we can
try to finish it out and it's been a
while since I've been in the summer so
the thing is 2016 yeah 2016 and I hope
we can win at this time because I don't
want to deal with third seat again for
Worlds love you nice gauntlet is a cruel
mistress ads pretty well yeah
what what do you think the chances are
that you guys make it to finals um I
mean I think if we keep playing at our
current level and you know keep going up
then I think it's super likely but you
know sometimes you could get complacent
or you know things just start struggling
like I think we're gonna play on the
current live patch for playoffs so
there's a bit of a mix-up there there's
like lest image in some of the runes you
know something like scar I talked about
but
yeah it's just some mixed upset
sometimes can affect teams in weird ways
one joke that I was making all last week
including my in my interview with
Reapers that feel like every two years
around this time a whole lot of the
teams and coaches and everybody has this
have this emergent issue which is
keeping their players prepared for
League of Legends
while those players really want to play
World of Warcraft and c9 in particular
has been memed in the past for their
interests and World of Warcraft is so
thick double if likes to make fun of I'm
very curious like what how is this a
distraction at all are you are you
playing at all like what is the
situation for you guys oh yeah I'm 120
right now you know speaking of doubles I
saw him logged on last night
before his game as was I because that's
why I saw out of yourself they're kind
of I guess dragging him down with you if
you're gonna go down on that ship yes
bring the fire I mean I I don't think
it's ever a problem the only time it
would be a problem with any game that
you play as a secondary it's just if
you're avoiding so lucky for it but I
think there's a healthy relationship
with playing other games just keeping
your mind off of likely sometimes it's
really helpful for just resetting and
maybe you find yourself in some string
of bad games and like silica or from
scrims and you just sit down and relax
have fun with whatever whatever you want
like no I'm solutely Wow but while we're
out right now yeah I mean the whole team
is playing it and we're having fun
together I haven't played that much
together like you know 1 or 2 dungeons
but yeah I mean it's just like a side
game that you can play if there's
downtime you know you play a lot of
security whatever in the past you know
we actually were playing it in group
stage 2016 yes so the in group stage
2016 is one of the ones that I think
about so much because historically oh
man why am I forgetting their name the
wild-card team that made it through they
Albus NOx thank you Albus NOx apparently
didn't get any scrips Vic's nobody
wanted to scrim them and they just
played Wow for an entire week beforehand
and then went on a rampage so I just
it's an interesting world of warcraft as
an interesting impact I feel like every
two years on
world's yeah it's a buildup of synergy
yes you couldn't find elsewhere
how much is your victory today due in
part because of your hitting 120 oh it's
all the credit goes wow honestly good
well look is there anything I know you
usually mean at the end of these
interviews when I ask you if you have
anything stays the fans not as much as
lemon but others but I do think there
probably are a lot of fans who just went
along on this like crazy ride
over the split like what is what
Sneaky's just sitting there streaming
and playing academy and then you come in
and it's like you're on a rampage it
must have been interesting so I I don't
know if there you have anything to say
to those folks but anything at all um
yeah I mean it's been a pretty wild ride
lots of downs and got some ups now so
I'm hoping to keep on making you guys
happy and go through playoffs last
question I want to throw this out there
was there ever a chance during all this
split where you thought cuz you've been
playing for a long time you've got a
great streaming career waiting for you
that you thought maybe I should just
stop competing no definite it's
something that people tell me but it
sounds only I think about myself because
I do love the competitiveness of the
game and it just adds so much more to it
like if I'm just playing so lucky I'm
just like I'm just trying to climb it's
like oh I can climb in go for you know
Rank 1 LC s not just ranked one so Luke
you thank you so much sneaky for the
interview great to talk to you and
excited to see what Claude and I can
pull out in the next couple weeks for
everyone else you can check out the rest
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I want to
thank only slash so much for the support
of my content they're on a train right
now a train that you could be on and
that's the Travis trained to get on that
train subscribe to the YouTube channel
hit up my twitch we're stopping at all
the different stops alright this is a
train and it's going what's going far so
get on the train and ride it ride that
Travis train